README.md, before:

<img align="right" height="100" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/324683/14374725/0a483732-fd23-11e5-9b56-b0e280b20760.png">

# Subliminal Vim 0.1a1

> A drop-in replacement for Sublime Text based on vim and urxvt

**Attention: this in an alpha release. Don't use it on production environments as
you will probably experience bugs.**

*Subliminal Vim* is a group of Vim plugins and configurations designed to resemble
the appeareance and functionality of Sublime Text. Its main purpose is to make
users from Sublime to be more comfortable using Vim and perhaps encourage them
to switch IDE environments in the future.

*Subliminal Vim* needs a graphical interface to work because we need urxvt for
proper key shorcuts, but in the future this might change. This means it won't
work on server environments, sorry. *Subliminal Vim* ships as a separate binary
and does not integrate with Vim (yet). See [Usage](#usage) for details.

Also, for now we are only supporting Debian-based systems on the installation
script, but you might want to try installing on a different OS and tell us how
you you did it, or submit a
[greatly appreciated PR](https://github.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim/pulls).

![Screenshot](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/324683/18112460/b9c94b3a-6ef5-11e6-9d11-43df8c950f87.png "Screenshot")

## Features

* Sublime Text key shorcuts.
* Syntax highlighting of popular languages.
* Integrated linting for Python, Perl, Javascript, Go, Haskell & more.


## Known bugs - work in progess

* See the [issues section](https://github.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim/issues)
for more information.


## Installation

1. First we're going to install the dependencies needed for the installation
script to run properly. Open a root terminal and type the following command:

    ```
    apt-get install make sudo git
    ```

2. Next, we have to clone Sublime Vim repository from github with the following
command. Remember to previously put the prompt on an appropiate folder and be
logged in with your user.

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim

    ```

3. Finally, start the installation process with the following commands. This
will take a few minutes to complete depending on your internet connection speed.

    ```
    make
    make install
    ```


## Usage

You can click on Subliminal Vim's icon on the menu or execute it on console by
typing `subliminal-vim`.

You can use the mouse to select documents on the panel, double click opens them.
There is no contextual menu (yet) when you click the right button.

### Common key shortcuts

| Shortcut | Function |
| --- | --- |
| `Ctrl-s` | Save document |
| `Ctrl-c` | Copy a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-x` | Cut a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-v` | Paste a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-z` | Undo last action |
| `Ctrl-y` | Redo last action |
| `Ctrl-w` | Close current tab |
| `Ctrl-e` | Save all open documents |
| `Ctrl-Shift-7` | Comment a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-Shift-Up` | Move a block or single line up |
| `Ctrl-Shift-Down` | Move a block or single line down |


## License

Copyright (C) 2016 Sublime Vim Developers

Please refer to CONTRIBUTORS.md for a complete list of Copyright holders.

Sublime Vim is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

Sublime Vim is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

[DEL] Removing all git submodules because we're no longer using Pathogen. [REF] Improving README to reflect new way of installation. [REF] Adding configuration for right click menu with urxvt extensions. [FIX] Fixing render of vim-devicons. [ADD] Adding vim-plug to replace pathogen. [REF] Integrating nerdtree color plugin and airline subliminal theme. [REF] Refactoring installation process.

README.md, after:

<img align="right" height="100" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/324683/14374725/0a483732-fd23-11e5-9b56-b0e280b20760.png">

# Subliminal Vim 0.1a1

> A drop-in replacement for Sublime Text based on vim and urxvt

**Attention: this in an alpha release. Don't use it on production environments as
you will probably experience bugs.**

*Subliminal Vim* is a group of Vim plugins and configurations designed to resemble
the appeareance and functionality of Sublime Text. Its main purpose is to make
users from Sublime to be more comfortable using Vim and perhaps encourage them
to switch IDE environments in the future.

*Subliminal Vim* needs a graphical interface to work because we need urxvt for
proper key shorcuts, but in the future this might change. This means it won't
work on server environments, sorry. *Subliminal Vim* ships as a separate binary
and does not integrate with Vim (yet). See [Usage](#usage) for details.

Also, for now we are only supporting Debian-based systems on the installation
script, but you might want to try installing on a different OS and tell us how
you you did it, or submit a
[greatly appreciated PR](https://github.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim/pulls).

![Screenshot](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/324683/18112460/b9c94b3a-6ef5-11e6-9d11-43df8c950f87.png "Screenshot")

## Features

* Sublime Text key shorcuts.
* Syntax highlighting of popular languages.
* Integrated linting and autocomplete for Python, Perl, Ruby, Javascript, Go, Haskell & more.


## Known bugs - work in progess

* See the [issues section](https://github.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim/issues)
for more information.


## Installation

First make sure that you have `sudo` and `curl` installed. If not, you can install it by  opening
a root terminal and typing the following command:

```bash
apt-get install sudo curl
```

Then, open a user terminal and start the installation process with the following command.
This will take a few minutes to complete depending on your internet connection speed.

```bash
bash <(curl -sLo- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuisAlejandro/subliminal-vim/development/setup.sh)
```


## Usage

You can click on Subliminal Vim's icon on the menu or execute it on console by
typing `subliminal-vim`.

You can use the mouse to select documents on the panel, double click opens them.
There is no contextual menu (yet) when you click the right button.

### Common key shortcuts

| Shortcut | Function |
| --- | --- |
| `Ctrl-o` | Open document |
| `Ctrl-s` | Save document |
| `Ctrl-c` | Copy a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-x` | Cut a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-v` | Paste a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-z` | Undo last action |
| `Ctrl-y` | Redo last action |
| `Ctrl-w` | Close current file |
| `Ctrl-Shift-7` | Comment a block or single line of code |
| `Ctrl-Shift-Up` | Move a block or single line up |
| `Ctrl-Shift-Down` | Move a block or single line down |


## License

Copyright (C) 2016 Sublime Vim Developers

Please refer to CONTRIBUTORS.md for a complete list of Copyright holders.

Sublime Vim is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

Sublime Vim is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
